docs(fix): improve responsiveness for Auth example (#1557)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/components/authenticator/customization.labels-and-text.web.mdx

import { Authenticator, Button } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

import { Example } from '@/components/Example';
import { Expander, ExpanderItem } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

import { LabelsAndTextDemo } from './LabelsAndTextDemo';

Using the same techniques as [Internationalization (I18n)](#internationalization-i18n), you can customize the labels and text of the components:

<Expander type="single" isCollapsible>
  <ExpanderItem title="Default Values" value="default-values">

>     Compare the default labels below to those in the customized screens via the tabs above.

Reviewer: Since we don't have tabs anymore,

```suggestion
    Compare the default labels here to those in the customized below.
```

Reviewer: Also, we should consider separating "Default Values" out of expanders because its purpose is to show reference to default values.
